characterization

Original colonization: year -17
Bankruptcy (aka Day01): year 0
Present day: year 2.5


Nighthawk (Olivere):
	Origin: a local who was part of the original colonizaiton effort as a transportation operator.
	Begins as: team leader 
	During the collapse: organized and let an armed neighbourhood watch in her community.
	Dependant on: having a position of authority and control over others.
	Heading towards: a poor decision or stress induced breakdown rendering her unfit to lead the team
	Willing to: act extra-judicially
	
Intrepid Rose (Roselina):
	Origin: a student from a prosperous tradeworld.
	Begins as: an outsider from off-world.
	During the collapse: completed her education and then joined the humanitarian aid mission aproximately 2 years after Day01.
	Dependant on: long-distance asynchronous messaging, serialized media and care packages from her home-world friends and family.
	Heading towards: social isolation, depression, guilt.
	Willing to: sacrifice her own wellbeing.
	
Lightbringer (Mickael):
	Origin: a semi-local who took a contract for corporate security on the frontier world a decade ago and was promoted to pilot.
	Begins as: team's most experienced pilot.
	During the collapse: took his battlesuit and went mercenary, making a small fortune defending supply ships from bandits.
	Dependant on: a steady flow of drinks and victories, being seen as a hero.
	Willing to: walk away if the job's not worth it.
	
Shadowstalker (Sophia):
	Origin: a local youth/student/petty criminal born to colonist parents.
	Begins as: cruel bully.
	During the collapse: distinguished herself as a quick learner in a battlesuit, was able to evade juvenile prosecution.
	Dependant on: dominating and humiliating others to fuel her own ego.
	Willing to: completely ruin the life of someone she believes is unworthy.
	
Azure Kite (Kaito):
	Origin: professional racing pilot from off-world
	Begins as: Polite but private about his personal life and prefers to keep others at a professional distance
	During the collapse: came seeking information following the dissapearance of a friend, who was found hospitalized and comatose.
	Dependant on: the hope that their friend will recover
	Willing to: Wield unconventional but powerful weapons

Valorant Phoenix (Helena):
	Origin: Daughter of the assistant regional manager for MaxEdDal, born local.
	Begins as: private, suspicious, and vengeful towards organized crime.
	During the collapse: witnessed the death of her parents at the hands of home-invaders while she hid. Used his ID to break into a hanger and steal suit with weapons, pretended to be an offworlder who had arrived with the relief effort.
	Dependant on: her burning desire to see justice done.
	Willing to: take down and interrogate criminals while not wearing an obvious and identifiable battlesuit.
	
Questing Ricochet (Adam): 
	Origin: local construction suit operator
	Begins as: Boastful stalwart
	During the collapse: encountered a dead pilot and assumed their identity as an off-world security contractor. Things were so disorganized at the time that nobody questioned it, and his experience piloting construction suits was enough for him to handle at least basic movement.
	Dependant on: maintaining his fake identity.
	Willing to: be blackmailed by shadowstalker so she doesn't reveal his secret.






Pilots:

Intrepid Rose is from off-world and was drawn to the planet as a humanitarian volunteer.
Living on the planet has diminished her optimism but she still has a strong sense of moral responsability.
Beneficiary of generational wealth.
Caring, wants to create a better world for others.

Nighthawk (Oliverai) is a local who was part of the original colonizaiton effort as a transportation operator.
Holds deep resentment towards anyone who undermines the fragile society or takes advantage of others.
Will act extra-judicially with the expectation that people will look the other way if the target "deserves it"
Wants to punish criminals and bandits for the death of her sister.
Lost her sister during the chaos that occured between the Bankruptcy and the civil government takeover.

Lightbringer (Mickael) acknowledges the tragedy of the chaos that took place after the Bankruptcy, but personally benefited massively from the event.
He worked as private security for the company before the crash and made a small fortune when he switched to defending supply ships from bandits.
Blew much of his money on lavishly upgrading his own personal battlesuit which is his prized possession. 
Likes to be perceived as heroic/tough.

Shadowstalker (Sophia) demonstrated an aptitude for piloting during the frantic civilian recruiting/refurbishment to replace dead pilots.
Consequently was able to have legal charges that were pending at the time of the crash dismissed/swept under the rug.
Self-centered, arrogant, believes in the "survival of the fittest" and will take advantage of any opportunity without hesitation if it benefits her.

Azure Kite (Haseo) is from off-world and came seeking information following the dissapearance of a friend.
Friend was found hospitalized and comatose, and he spends a portion of his earnings maintaining their medical care and treatment.
Very private about his personal life and prefers to keep others at a professional distance

Valorant Phoenix (Helena) was the young child of a local corporate representative.
Dispite the fact that their family was just as screwed as everyone else by the company's collapse, an organized gang of criminals attacked her home seeking wealth.
Family was horribly murdered while she hid in the air vent.
Used the family's remaining assets to buy a battlesuit, both for her own protection and to protect others from the same fate.
Unaware that her sister is comatose but alive in medical care.

Questing Ricochet (Adam) encountered a dead pilot and assumed their identity as an off-world security contractor.
Things were so disorganized at the time that nobody questioned it, and his experience piloting construction suits was enough for him to handle at least basic movement.
Is technically the legal property of the WPI corporation's creditors, should he ever be discovered.
Shadowstalker discovered his secret and uses it to hold power over him.


Pilot behaviors:
Stimm use
Won't retreat when at risk of injury
Retreats after taking any damage
Evasive flying, making it harder to hit and be hit by enemies
Personal relationship with another pilot (good or bad)
Addiction
Tunnel vision
Desperate for attention
Restless
Protective
Anxious
Punishing
Expressive
Private
Suspicious
Trusting
Strong sense of fairness
Elitist
Cruel
Adversarial
Obsessive
Curious
Domineering
Reckless
Optimistic
Pessamistic
Self-rightious
Disciplined/rigorus
Unfulfilled
Needy
Lost
People-pleaser