Pilots:

Intrepid Rose is from off-world and was drawn to the planet as a humanitarian volunteer.
Living on the planet has diminished her optimism but she still has a strong sense of moral responsability.
Beneficiary of generational wealth.
Caring, wants to create a better world for others.

Nighthawk (Oliverai) is a local who was part of the original colonizaiton effort as a transportation operator.
Holds deep resentment towards anyone who undermines the fragile society or takes advantage of others.
Will act extra-judicially with the expectation that people will look the other way if the target "deserves it"
Wants to punish criminals and bandits for the death of her sister.
Lost her sister during the chaos that occured between the Bankruptcy and the civil government takeover.

Lightbringer (Mickael) acknowledges the tragedy of the chaos that took place after the Bankruptcy, but personally benefited massively from the event.
He worked as private security for the company before the crash and made a small fortune when he switched to defending supply ships from bandits.
Blew much of his money on lavishly upgrading his own personal battlesuit which is his prized possession. 
Likes to be perceived as heroic/tough.

Shadowstalker (Sophia) demonstrated an aptitude for piloting during the frantic civilian recruiting/refurbishment to replace dead pilots.
Consequently was able to have legal charges that were pending at the time of the crash dismissed/swept under the rug.
Self-centered, arrogant, believes in the "survival of the fittest" and will take advantage of any opportunity without hesitation if it benefits her.

Azure Kite (Haseo) is from off-world and came seeking information following the dissapearance of a friend.
Friend was found hospitalized and comatose, and he spends a portion of his earnings maintaining their medical care and treatment.
Very private about his personal life and prefers to keep others at a professional distance

Valorant Phoenix (Helena) was the young child of a local corporate representative.
Dispite the fact that their family was just as screwed as everyone else by the company's collapse, an angry mob seeking an outlet for their rage attacked her home.
Family was horribly tortured and murdered while she hid in the air vent.
Used the family's remaining assets to buy a suit, both for her own protection and to protect others from the same fate.
Unaware that her sister is comatose alive in medical care.

Questing Ricochet (Adam) encountered a dead pilot and assumed their identity as an off-world security contractor.
Things were so disorganized at the time that nobody questioned it, and his experience piloting construction suits was enough for him to handle at least basic movement.
Is technically the legal property of the WPI corporation's creditors, should he ever be discovered.
Shadowstalker discovered his secret and uses it to hold power over him.


Pilot behaviors:
Stimm use
Won't retreat when at risk of injury
Retreats after taking any damage
Evasive flying, making it harder to hit and be hit by enemies
Personal relationship with another pilot (good or bad)
Addiction
Tunnel vision
Desperate for attention
Restless
Protective
Anxious
Punishing
Expressive
Private
Suspicious
Trusting
Strong sense of fairness
Elitist
Cruel
Adversarial
Obsessive
Curious
Domineering
Reckless
Optimistic
Pessamistic
Self-rightious
Disciplined/rigorus
Unfulfilled
Needy
Lost
People-pleaser
