Pilots


Nighthawk (Olivere):
	Origin: a local who was part of the original colonizaiton effort as a transportation operator.
	Begins as: team leader 
	During the collapse: organized and let an armed neighbourhood watch in her community.
	Dependant on: having a position of authority and control over others.
	Heading towards: a poor decision or stress induced breakdown rendering her unfit to lead the team
	Willing to: act extra-judicially
	
Intrepid Rose (Roselina):
	Origin: a student from a prosperous tradeworld.
	Begins as: an outsider from off-world.
	During the collapse: completed her education and then joined the humanitarian aid mission aproximately 2 years after Day01.
	Dependant on: long-distance asynchronous messaging, serialized media and care packages from her home-world friends and family.
	Heading towards: social isolation, depression, guilt.
	Willing to: sacrifice her own wellbeing.
	
Lightbringer (Mickael):
	Origin: a semi-local who took a contract for corporate security on the frontier world a decade ago and was promoted to pilot.
	Begins as: team's most experienced pilot.
	During the collapse: took his battlesuit and went mercenary, making a small fortune defending supply ships from bandits.
	Dependant on: a steady flow of drinks and victories, being seen as a hero.
	Willing to: walk away if the job's not worth it.
	
Shadowstalker (Sophia):
	Origin: a local youth/student/petty criminal born to colonist parents.
	Begins as: cruel bully.
	During the collapse: distinguished herself as a quick learner in a battlesuit, was able to evade juvenile prosecution.
	Dependant on: dominating and humiliating others to fuel her own ego.
	Willing to: completely ruin the life of someone she believes is unworthy.
	
Azure Kite (Kaito):
	Origin: professional racing pilot from off-world
	Begins as: Polite but private about his personal life and prefers to keep others at a professional distance
	During the collapse: came seeking information following the dissapearance of a friend, who was found hospitalized and comatose.
	Dependant on: the hope that their friend will recover
	Willing to: Wield unconventional but powerful weapons

Valorant Phoenix (Helena):
	Origin: Daughter of the assistant regional manager for MaxEdDal, born local.
	Begins as: private, suspicious, and vengeful towards organized crime.
	During the collapse: witnessed the death of her parents at the hands of home-invaders while she hid. Used his ID to break into a hanger and steal suit with weapons, pretended to be an offworlder who had arrived with the relief effort.
	Dependant on: her burning desire to see justice done.
	Willing to: take down and interrogate criminals while not wearing an obvious and identifiable battlesuit.
	
Questing Ricochet (Adam): 
	Origin: local construction suit operator
	Begins as: Boastful stalwart
	During the collapse: encountered a dead pilot and assumed their identity as an off-world security contractor. Things were so disorganized at the time that nobody questioned it, and his experience piloting construction suits was enough for him to handle at least basic movement.
	Dependant on: maintaining his fake identity.
	Willing to: be blackmailed by shadowstalker so she doesn't reveal his secret.
